---
layout: post
title:  "Kit: A Golang Library to Enhance Your Service :)"
author: luciano
featured: true
categories: [ Software Development, Go ]
image: assets/images/go-logo.png
---
Repo: https://github.com/lucianogarciaz/kit

As developers, we understand the importance of following best practices and adhering to established design patterns to create clean, maintainable code. But sometimes, it can be challenging to keep up with these practices and patterns, especially when working on larger projects. That's where Kit comes in :)

Kit is a versatile open source library designed to help enhance your service in Go. Whether you're building a small microservice or a large-scale distributed system, Kit can help you standardize your code and make it easier to maintain in the long run.

At its core, Kit follows patterns like CQS (Command-Query Separation) to separate business logic from infrastructure. By doing so, it provides a simple and intuitive way to structure your code. This makes it easy to add new features or change existing ones without worrying about breaking anything else in your codebase.

In addition to CQS, Kit includes several other features to help you streamline your development workflow (wasn't added yet). These include:

* Middleware: This allows you to easily chain together different operations in your service and handle errors in a consistent way. With Kit, you can add middleware to your service in just a few lines of code.

* Logging: Kit includes a customizable logging system that makes it easy to debug your code and track down issues. You can choose from several logging levels and formats to suit your needs.

* Metrics: You can use Kit to instrument your service and gather important metrics like response times, error rates, and more. With Kit's built-in metrics system, you can easily track the performance of your service and identify areas that need improvement.

While Kit already includes several powerful features, I'll be adding more.

It's been a time-saver and has allowed me to focus on other important aspects of my work.
If you want to help or suggest a feature, just ping me or create a new issue:).